Options available for reserved instances
// Reserved Instance - reserve an instance for one or three year term and in turn receive a significant discount compared to the on-demand instance

 * AURI (All Upfront Reserved Instance)
 * NURI (No Upfront Reserved Instance)
 * PURI (Partial Upfront Reserved Instance)
 
 // A company is migrating its workloads to AWS. 
   Which tool will help the company estimate their potential cloud bill and calculate their overall total cost of ownership (TCO) based on their current workloads?
   * AWS Pricing Calculator. The Pricing Calculator provides an estimate of AWS fees and charges. 
    Since the company knows the workload details, the AWS Pricing Calculator can also help with calculating the total cost of ownership.
    
 
 // Amazon Cost Explorer gives you more details about Amazon EC2 billing that took place three months ago
 
 // Elasticity is the ability to acquire resources as you need them and release resources when you no longer need them. 
    Think of Auto Scaling and adding and removing instances as needed.
 
 // You're hosting a web application on EC2. After a few days of production usage, you notice the traffic to the web application far exceeds what was expected. 
    You've decided to move to a larger instance type. What AWS principle does this represent?
    * Vertical scaling - increasing the size and computing power of a single instance or node without increasing the number of nodes or instances.
    
    
 // A company is receiving automated alerts notifying them that their only production EC2 instance is continuously reaching 100% CPU utilization. 
    When this happens, customers cannot make purchases and receive error messages stating they should try again later because all the company's servers are busy.
    What should the company implement to ensure their system is highly available?
    * Horizontal scaling (scaling out) - adds or replaces EC2 instances automatically across AZs, based on need and changing demand, 
                                         and is used in the design of systems with high availability.
                                         
                                         
  // An Application Load Balancer automatically distributes incoming application traffic across multiple EC2 instances 
     based on application variables like content type, user location, and more. The company in this case only has 1 EC2 instance.
     
 
 // A customer has noticed several of their AWS accounts were hacked and used to mine bitcoin. Who should the customer report the issue to?
   * AWS Abuse Team
   
 // In order to improve fault tolerance, you would like to begin using services that provide fault tolerance. 
    Which AWS services provide automatic replication across Availability Zones?
   * DynamoDB
   

// By default, all data stored in S3 is not viewable by the public. If you want a bucket or object to be accessible by the public, you must explicitly make it so. 
   NAT gateways and internet gateways are needed to allow communications between VPCs and the internet, but they are not required when it comes to S3
   
 // Trusted advisor - provides you with real-time guidance to help you provision your resources following AWS best practices.
                    -  can help you optimize your AWS environment by giving recommendations to reduce cost, increase performance, and improve security
 
 // A company wants to ensure all AWS accounts in their environment conform to company-wide policies. Which services can help?
   * Organizations - centrally manage AWS resources under one umbrella. You can allocate resources and apply policies across accounts
   * Control Tower -  helps you ensure your accounts conform to company-wide policies. Control Tower actually sits on top of Organizations.
   
 // Region - geographically area of the world that is a collection of logically grouped data centers (Availability Zones)
 
 // A company is developing a new web application that has high availability requirements. How can the company increase availability when deploying the application?
   * Deploy the application to span across multiple Availability Zones (AZs).
   * Utilize a multi-Region deployment when deploying the application.
   
   
// Your company would like to begin using Auto Scaling to add servers when CPU utilization reaches a certain threshold (e.g., 70%). 
   Which service can you use to trigger actions when CPU utilization crosses the threshold?
  * CloudWatch Alarms - to monitor CPU utilization and trigger further action. 
         Further action could be an Auto Scaling group adding another EC2 instance and/or using SNS to notify team members of the occurrence.
  * Simple Notification Service can be used with CloudWatch to notify team members when a CloudWatch event or alarm is triggered, 
    but SNS is not monitoring resource utilization.
    

// An on-premises application requires a consistent, high-speed connection to the AWS Cloud environment that is better than an internet-based connection. 
   Which AWS service can provide this connection?
   * Direct Connect - private (bypasses the public internet), dedicated physical network connection from your on-premises data center to AWS. 
                      Since the connection is private, it is extremely fast.
                      
// Elastic Load Balancing - evenly distribute incoming traffic across all their EC2 instances.

// A developer doesn't want to hardcode the database password in their application code when developing a new application. 
  Which service will help with accessing the password without having to hardcode it?
  * Secrets Manager allows you to manage and retrieve secrets (passwords or keys).
  
  
// A bucket access policy can be attached directly to an S3 bucket to limit access to specific users (secure Amazon S3 buckets)


// By default, all subnets within a VPC can communicate with each other, without needing any other resources or configuration.


// A customer is migrating their on-premises data center to AWS and has bandwidth constraints. 
   Which service allows them to transport exabyte-scale datasets into AWS in a cost-effective and secure manner?
   * The Snow Family allows you to transfer large amounts of on-premises data to AWS using a physical device. 
     Snowmobile transports multi-petabyte or exabyte-scale data.
     
// A customer would like to store secondary backup copies of on-premises data to the cloud. The customer is not concerned about an extra level of protection by geographic redundancy but requires rapid access to the data when it is needed. 
   Which Amazon S3 storage class should be used as the lowest cost option with rapid access?
   * S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access is designed for customers who want a lower cost option for infrequently accessed data but do not require the multiple Availability Zone data resilience model of the S3 Standard or S3 Standard-Infrequent Access storage classes. 
     S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access provides millisecond access when the data is needed.
     
     
// A customer has an on-premises 5-gigabyte Oracle database that needs to be migrated to AWS and converted to Aurora. 
   The customer requires minimal downtime to the database. Which service is the best option for migration and conversion?
   * DMS supports homogeneous migrations like Oracle to Oracle and heterogeneous migrations like Oracle to Aurora, with minimal downtime.
   

// As an IT support center team member, you begin receiving calls from users about problems they're experiencing with your company's AWS-based point-of-sale system. 
   You want to begin your investigation by checking with AWS for any service alerts they may be communicating. Which AWS tool will you give you the information you seek?
   * The AWS Personal Health Dashboard publishes alerts and remediation guidance when issues with AWS services arise. 
     Notifications are also provided for scheduled events that may impact AWS customers.


// Your sales operations group would like to perform monthly analyses on large amounts of sales activity. 
  They want to be able to rank the performance of different territories, product categories, and sales channels. 
  They will use visualization tools to generate graphical representations of the data. Which AWS service will provide the best solution for storing the sales data?
  * Amazon Redshift provides the best solution for performing queries based on a predefined set of dimensions. 
    Redshift organizes data for high performance based on user-specified distribution schemes. 
    
 // Business Support is the minimum plan that provides access to the full set of Trusted Advisor checks.


// How can a customer on the Developer Support plan open a system impaired support case?
* Customers on the Developer Support plan can submit support cases for account and billing questions, service limit increases, and technical support cases via email only.


// The Business level support plan provides 1 hour or less response time support for production-level failures.

// How can a customer with the Enterprise Support plan get help with billing and account questions?
  * Use the AWS Support API to programmatically open a case with AWS Support.
  * Contact the Support Concierge team.
  
  
// I have some data that is not frequently accessed. But when requested within six months, the data needs to be available immediately. 
 After six months, the data is not accessed but needs to be maintained for historical purposes. 
 What is the best S3 storage class lifecycle available to me with the lowest possible cost?
 * Store data the first 6 months in $3 One Zone ~ IA & move data to Glacier after that.
 
 
 // I need to migrate millions of customers’ financial transaction data from the On-Premise Mainframe system to a non-relational database in AWS. 
 The database should also provide good performance for data retrieval and data analytics. Which of the following Database services is the most suitable?
 * Amazon DynamoDB
 
 // To enable an application on an EC2 instance to perform some actions, the developer requires to grant access to the application for a few AWS resources. 
 The developer plans to provide his credential to the instance. 
 However, as the developer's credentials are long-term, the developer is looking for an alternate to reduce the security risk. 
   What can the developer do in this scenario to enable applications on EC2 to get access to the required AWS resources temporarily?
  * Use IAM Roles
  
  
  // AWs Quick Starts - used to perform best practices aligned deployment of popular technologies on AWS, and eventually reduce the time taken for environment build and eventual usage of the environment
  // Server-side and client-side encryptions are supported by S3 for data uploads
  
